you
can you state your name for the camera
dr. Abigail Tyler okay where would you
like to begin
I am actress Milla Jovovich and I will
be portraying dr. Abigail Tyler this
film is a dramatization of events that
occurred October 2000 everything in this
movie is supported by archived footage
some of what you're about to see is
extremely disturbing I wake up in the
middle of the night almost every night
there's nothing unusual waking your room
there's one thing there's an owl at my
window hmm hi shiza pick a white owl
just looking at me i Jared seen it
before tell me when I was a kid just
staring at me I've seen it a lot every
night this week
[Music]
tell me about the enemy about me Oh
doesn't look like a
Wow there's no it's not now that voice
speaking Sumerian the oldest language in
human history you can go into any
Sumerian exhibit and sea urchins and
sculptures of men in specials and oxygen
masks rockets that look like Apollo do
you believe in abduction theories
you don't mean alien abductions Dave
Turin works here initiative is in every
state of my life what's wrong
there are more missing people in Nome
sure any other town in Alaska I have to
get this others like that
Duggar in everything
what you see you were there I can't
explain someone or something
came into my room and it took me away